[Autogenerated] So now let's come on in and you'll notice it
tells us down below here that we can run,
scaffold,
run or scaffold deaf if we do scaffold running to run
it one time and deploy at one time.
If we do Dev, it'll actually auto redeploy as our source code changes.
Let's go ahead and try this out so we can come in and say
Scaffold and then we can give it to command.
In this case, Dev,
I'm gonna say Dash f and we want to do scaffold test
.NET XAML the one I just generated.
Let's go ahead and run that all right now you notice it's
building my images much like Docker Compose does.
And that's what's kind of cool about this is not only will it build the images,
but you're going to see at the end here it's gonna deploy those.
Currently, it's building the Angular image,
and because this is doing in npm install,
then it's actually doing the translation of the TypeScript 2D JavaScript
generating our bundles and you're gonna find this type of process for
react and Angular and view and others out there.
This might take a little longer than you'd want to wait for?
Because every time you change your code, this is going to run.
So I'm gonna show you how we can fix that.
But through the magic of video,
let me speed this up and then we'll go ahead and show this working.
Okay, so it's deployed everything.
Notice it started our deployment over Yamil files.
It waits for those deployments to actually stabilize to
make it so that the pods are available, and then it washes for changes.
Okay, so let's come on into the browser and let's see if this is working.
Alright.
So I've gone to local host and then it redirected to a clients ID route of
slash customers and noticed that the app is up and running.
Everything is good, but this is now running up in Kubernetes.
So now what happens if we make a code change?
Maybe we change the service ID API, we change the Angular code.
What's gonna happen here?
Well, let's try it out.
So, coming back into the editor,
let me go ahead and shrink this down just a little bit.
Notice down at the bottom, we have a log.
This is our tail.
And what that does is basically pipes logs from the different
containers running in kubernetes back into our console,
which is really, really nice when you wanna live develop.
But now I want to go in and maybe change some code.
So, for example, let's say we want to go into the TypeScript code.
Going to go into source app.
Let's just go to our what's called route component.
I'm gonna change the home page that shows the navbar and things like that.
Let's just say hello right here.
Real basic.
Now watch when I save.
Now it's gonna catch that change and now it's gonna
rebuild that Angular container.
But the problem here is we've got to go through that whole
process again because this is a multi stage built.
It's going to first, build our code,
generate our bundles and all that stuff you saw earlier.
It's all speed this up again and then we'll come back.
All right, so it's finished.
Let's go back to the browser again.
I'm gonna go ahead and refresh.
We don't see hello up here anywhere.
So let's refresh And there we go.
So it worked it redeployed,
but I waited a couple minutes for that redeploy and
from a development standpoint,
that's just not gonna work right too long of sitting there waiting
for it to rebuild this production version of the Angular image that's
gonna run within genetics in this case.
So let me show you a few things we can due to speed this up.
So first, let me go ahead and hit control C and watch what it does.
So it just cleaned up everything.
So if we do kubectl get all, it's probably still terminating our pods.
But let's see what we have.
Okay, well, there's one left.
Looks like it's terminating a node pod.
All the services that deployments, the replica sets,
they've all been cleaned up.
So that's nice.
It does that automatically when you stop this Scaffold dev Process.
Now, what I'm gonna do is run the same thing.
But I'm not gonna run the scaffold test.
I'm gonna run a scaffold, Yamil.
They already have.
Now you notice that the bottom it's going to point to the same manifest files.
But here's the changes up on the engine x-axis URL er jump start image.
I have my context,
but I added something called a sync property and what this
will do is instead of trying to sync up all the code and
rebuilding the production image, it's instead,
first off, going to use a dev image.
Now, let's go look at that really quick and go into our dot Docker folder.
Now all I'm doing here is I'm copying the dist output the build output
from a local build into a particular folder in engine X.
Now, why am I doing that?
Well,
because that way we can build locally sync this disc folder up to the
container that we ultimately are going to running kubernetes.
And this is gonna be super fast you're going to see,
so it does mean I'm gonna have to start up a local build process,
which is super easy to do.
I'll show you, but it's gonna make the process of deploying the kubernetes much,
much faster because now I don't have to run a multi stage
Bill Docker file to generate the image.
All right, so the first thing I'm gonna do is because this is an Angular app.
I'm gonna run the build in kind of a watch mode,
and you could do the same with react and other types of
frameworks out there in libraries But in this case,
I'm gonna do an energy bill Dash, cache,
watch.
And if you don't know Angular, don't worry about that.
All you need to know is this is gonna watch for any changes
to the Angular coat a czar HTML change, for example.
Let me go ahead and do that.
Now that's going to generate a disk folder.
You'll see this disc folder right here.
It'll take a second to get going, but then,
once it's done, is really, really fast after that.
Okay, so now, anytime I make any changes,
its going to sync our local disk folder that you see here
up to the destination in the container.
So instead of having to rebuild the whole image,
it can actually just sync the files from our local machine up to that
running container that's in the kubernetes pot.
Let me come on in and let's come back to one of these other shells we have.
And instead of using the file that we had before,
let's go ahead and use the scaffold YAML file that you see right here.
All right, Now you notice it's already deploying and it's ready now.
Part of that's because it's already cashed.
But now let's go into that same file that I change.
That causes a rebuild normally and let's see what happens here.
So let's take out Hello Now Normally,
this would take probably a a mentor to for sure to
build more of our production image,
because again it would convert my TypeScript into JavaScript,
generate my bundles and do a bunch of other things that
needs to do for more of a production build.
Now I'm gonna go ahead and save, though,
and watch down below how fast this is this time.
So we'll save it now.
Caught it and it's already done.
It's already deployed, so let's go back to the browser now.
There's our hello that I took out.
Let's refresh and there we do.
So it's already update.
Now we could do real code changes, not just HTML,
and it would be this fast because we're now doing a local build
with that energy build command that you saw.
Then Scaffold syncs up the disk folder into the running container,
so it's really, really fast.
Now we can also come in and make changes to things like our note.
So let's come in to server JSLint.
I'm just gonna add a space and save and watch down below.
Here.
Now.
Now, In this case, I didn't sync any file, so it rebuilt the image from scratch.
But it's already done because most of those layers
were cashed very little changed.
So it just had to copy in the appropriate folder.
I could even sync that.
Now sinking it in this case isn't quite enough because nodes
already running kubernetes so you might actually use,
like, nodemon PM two or some type of monitor to say,
Hey, when this file changes, restart the notes server.
But in this case, it's so fast you don't even have to worry about it.
I can just go in.
Let's take that back out.
We'll save and watch how fast this is and there we go.
It's already redeployed that to Kubernetes.
So that's what scaffold is all about.
And there's a lot more you could do.
The miss.
You can even do scaffold debug,
and that has all kinds of possibilities for debugging against the
containers running in the pods with different editors out there.
I hope this gives you an idea.
First off the scaffolding Nick Command but also The
power of this is in the scaffold, Dev,
because now I can do live development against containers
actually running up in Kubernetes.
In this case, it's on Docker desktop.
But again, it could be mini kubectl remote cluster,
if that's what you prefer to use.
So that's an example of some of the scaffold commands,
and I hope it gets you thinking about how we can actually do development,
especially in larger apps.
Where you might have a bunch of micros, Irv is,
is you're only working on one or two of those,
but they need to communicate with other micro services,
and the only easy way to get that going will assume is in a Kubernetes cluster.
We're using something like Scaffold.
You could certainly do that.
It's important to note that there are other tools out there as well,
such as Draft Till Garden and others.
But this is how you can get started with scaffold and what it can do for you. Let's go ahead and do a final wrap up on this module